Attendees Italo Busi, Scott Mansfield, Leo, Dragos, Jonas Ahlberg, Daniela Spreafico

Notes: Created a new issue https://github.com/samans/draft-ybam-rfc8561bis/issues/9 to describe how to make the defintion of mode more flexible.

Discussion of Issue #2 https://github.com/samans/draft-ybam-rfc8561bis/issues/2 .  This issue is partially solved by the mode option fix in Issue #9.


Next Meeting: 26 May 2022 at Noon CEST
